Unified the formatting and added rail road diagrams (#39)
UPPAALModelChecker/docs.uppaal.org: content/language-reference/system-description/templates/edges.md

Locations are connected by _edges_. Edges are annotated with _selections_, _guards_, _synchronisations_ and _updates_. Edges may also have branches of possible destinations with their own updates and probabilistic _weights_.

Selections
: Selections non-deterministically bind a given identifier to a value in a given range. The other three labels of an edge are within the scope of this binding.

Guards
: An edge is enabled in a state if and only if the guard evaluates to true.

Synchronisation
: Processes can synchronize over channels. Edges labelled with complementary actions over a common channel synchronise.

Updates

> : When executed, the update expression of the edge is evaluated. The side effect of this expression changes the state of the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: When an edge is traversed, the update expression of the edge is evaluated. The side effect of this expression changes the state of the system.
```
